    Five-fold Ornaments etc. dingbats font, by AnonMoos

This font contains mainly decorative abstract geometric patterns with
five-fold symmetry or quasi-symmetry (over 90 such glyph shapes are
included).  The font code is licensed under the SIL Open Font License,
while the abstract symbol shapes are all in the public domain.  The
following files are distributed with my version of this font:

  FivefoldOrnamentsEtc.txt -- this documentation file
  FIFOE___.PFB             -- Main file for the Type 1 PostScript font
  FIFOE___.PFM             -- Type 1 metrics file for Windows
  FIFOE___.AFM             -- Type 1 metrics file for Unix/Linux
  FivefoldOrnamentsEtc.ttf -- File for True Type version of this font
                              (unhinted conversion of original Type 1)

Install the chosen version of this font using the standard procedures
under your operating system.  The text of the license is embedded in
the TrueType font file.

In this font, the main five-fold ornaments have been assigned to
upper-case letters and punctuation symbols; some flowers are assigned
to numerical digit characters; while some unclassified five-fold
ornaments are assigned to lower-case letters l-z.  This font project
originated as devising supplemental symbols (and revised versions of a
few symbols) for the Discordian dingbat fonts (version 2 of 2006,
named "Fnord-Hodge" and "Fnord-Podge") by toa267 (a.k.a. mcqueen269 or
"the other anonymous"); for this reason, a few miscellaneous symbols
(which are less symmetrical, or are not five-fold at all, or which
have specific reference to the Discordian font) are assigned to
lower-case letters a-k.  In accordance with the original toa267 font,
all characters fit within a 1000-point by 1000-point box.

Basic unelaborated pentagon and pentagram shapes (which can be found
in many other fonts) are not included.

Version 1.1:  There are now fifty ornaments assigned to diacritic
letters (characters 193-250).


                List of decorative symbols in the font

General five-fold ornaments (upper-case letters and punctuation):

   A: Revised version of toa267 spiral "pentskellion" symbol, with
      orthogonal curve tangent points, to better comply with the rules
      for Type 1 PostScript vector outlines.  All other symbol shapes
      in this font are by AnonMoos.

   B: Five-fold spiral pinwheel.

   C: One visual interpretation of the Galactic Library glyph (Library
      Institute emblem), based on the general verbal descriptions in
      David Brin's "Uplift" series of science-fiction novels (a
      five-fold spiral with a vertical bar through its center).

   D: Complex quintuple pentaskelion (five five-fold spirals within
      an overall enclosing spiral).

   E: Simpler wheeled spiral pentaskelion.

   F: Simple five-fold ying-yang-esque thingy within a circle.

   G: Pattern of interlaced pentagrams and pentagon.

   H: Pattern of interlaced pentagrams and pentagon (outline version).

   I: Pattern of five interlaced thin crescents.

   J: Depiction of horizontal cross-section of an apple.

   K: Interlaced pentagram/pentagon "flower".

   L: Five-fold radial labyrinth.

   M: Pentagonal spiral.

   N: Simple pentagonal labyrinth.

   O: Interlaced pentagram and circle.

   P: "Quinquetra".

   Q: Classical labyrinth in pentagon.

   R: Five interlaced pentagons.

   S: Compound pentagonal quasi-labyrinth.

   T: Dodecahedron perspective view.

   U: Pentagonal knot (version of "O" with straight lines).

   V: Unicursal pentagonal knot.

   W: Five interlinked pentagons.

   X: Five interlinked pentagons (alternate).

   Y: Flower.

   Z: Pentagram interlaced with closed polygonal line to give five
      smaller pentagrams (alternative version of "H").

   ~: Pentaskele.

   `: Five-fold loop interlaced with circle.

   @: Pentagonal spiral burst within merged spiral frame.

   ?: Alternate form of Quinquetra, based on r=a+sin(b*theta) equation
      (see below) with parameters a=1.4 and b=5/4.

   >: Concentric curves.

   =: Interlaced five-fold quasi-yin-yang.

   <: Five linked circles.

   ;: Five intersecting circles.

   :: Alternate simple flower.

   /: Quasi-flower.

   .: Two mutually-interlaced pentagrams.

   -: Asymmetrical five-fold cross pattee.

   ,: Simple inverse flower.

   *: Radial half-pentagon.

   +: Complementary radial half-pentagon.

   ): 15-pointed star.

   (: 10-pointed star.

   ': Flower with heart-shaped petals.

   &: Interlaced pentagrams.

   %: Five interlaced pentagons (outlined variant of R).

   ": Five doubly-interlinked chain links.

   !: Ten linked rings.

   { | }: Three iterations of simple pentagonal fractal (for other
          pentagonal fractals, see m-n, r-s, and t-u).

   [ \ ] ^ _: Five iterations of fivefold binary branching.

   [ # $: Three iterations of fivefold quinary branching.


Retro-looking and mathematical flowers (numerical digits):

   0: Retro flower (merged circles).

   1: Retro flower (radial).

   2: Retro flower (10 petals).

   3: Retro flower (solid-centered).

   4: Retro flower (narrow petals).

   5: Retro flower (wide petals).

   6: Flower derived from the mathematical polar equation
      r=a+sin(b*theta) with parameters a=1.25 and b=5.  Curve is
      non-self-intersecting.

   7: Mathematical flower with equation parameters a=1.08 and b=5/2.
      Curve self-intersects at one level.

   8: Mathematical flower with equation parameters a=1.08 and b=5/3.
      Curve self-intersects at two levels.

   9: Mathematical flower with equation parameters a=1.08 and b=5/4.
      Curve self-intersects at three levels.


Other quasi-Discordian, or less symmetrical (lower-case letters a-k):

   a: AnonMoos version of Gorean kajira "kef" symbol (improved over
      the older version included in the toa267 font, and scaled to fit
      within a thousand-height box).

   b: Alternate version of Gorean kajira "kef" symbol.

   c: 23-pointed star.

   d: Another 23-pointed star.

   e: Asymmetrical flower.

   f: Version of "F" above with pentagons.

   g: Five apples in pentagon.

   h: Discordian calendar: 5 seasons of 73 days.

   i: A regularized and symmetrized version of the design on a ca.
      5000 BC "Linear Pottery culture" vase found in Czechoslovakia,
      as depicted on page 187 of the book "Goddesses and Gods of Old
      Europe" by Marija Gimbutas (1982).  Gimbutas interprets the
      central element as a butterfly and/or labrys motif...

   j: Version of Gorean "Dina" symbol.

   k: Signature.


Unclassified five-fold ornaments:  Lower-case letters l-z.


Further general five-fold ornaments (upper case diacritic letters):

   Á (A acute): Moebius ribbon.
   Â (A circumflex): Bicentennial star.
   Ã (A tilde): Knot drawn between ten vertices grouped into five
      pairs.
   Ä (A diaeresis): Three intersecting pentagons.
   Å (A ring above): Five semi-circles whirling design.
   Æ (A with E): Ten-rayed sun or star.
   Ç (C Cedilla): Looped ribbon design.
   È (E grave): Five triangles.
   É (E acute): Five triangles around empty pentagon.
   Ê (E circumflex): Five triangles around pentagon.
   Ë (E diaeresis): Star of five triangles around pentagon.
   Ì (I grave): Star of five triangles around empty pentagon.
   Í (I acute): Five-fold pinwheel around empty center.
   Î (I circumflex): "Starfish".
   Ï (I diaeresis): "Starfish" with internal pentagon.
   Ð (Icelandic Eth): Winged five triangles.
   Ñ (N tilde): Ten triangles.
   Ò (O grave): Thirty triangles.
   Ó (O acute): Pentacle knot.
   Ô (O circumflex): Five crescents.
   Õ (O tilde): Sunburst designs.
   Ö (O diaeresis): Rotating sun.
   Ø (O oblique stroke), Ù (U grave), Ú (U acute): Miscellaneous.


Further supplements to Discordian font):

   á (a acute): 23-crossing knot.
   â (a circumflex): 2/3 prongs ("blivet" or "poiuyt").
   ã (a tilde): 2/3 prongs ("blivet" or "poiuyt") against partial
      backgrounds.
   ä (a diaeresis), å (a ring above): Alternate versions of Gorean
      "dina" flower.


Further flowers (remaining lower-case diacritic letters):

   æ (a with e), ç (c cedilla), è (e grave), é (e acute),
      ê (e circumflex), ë (e diaeresis), ì (i grave), í (i acute),
      î (i circumflex), ï (i diaeresis), ð (Icelandic eth),
      ñ (n tilde), ò (o grave), ó (o acute), ô (o circumflex),
      õ (o tilde), ö (o diaeresis), ø (o oblique stroke): Various
      flowers.
   ù (u grave), ú (u acute): Two versions of pentagram flower.

                             -End-
